docs(plugins): add `splitChunks.minSizeReduction` (#5614)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/plugins/split-chunks-plugin.mdx

### splitChunks.minSize

`number = 20000` `{ [index: string]: number }`

Minimum size, in bytes, for a chunk to be generated.

### splitChunks.minSizeReduction

`number` `{ [index: string]: number }`

Minimum size reduction to the whole compilation, in bytes, needed for a chunk to be generated.

> T> Both `splitChunks.minSizeReduction` and `splitChunks.minSize` need to be fulfilled for a chunk to be generated. You may want to reduce `minSize` when using `minSizeReduction`.

Reviewer: I'd rather add an example instead of that last bit
```suggestion
T> Both `splitChunks.minSizeReduction` and `splitChunks.minSize` need to be fulfilled for a chunk to be generated.
```
```suggestion
T> Both `splitChunks.minSizeReduction` and `splitChunks.minSize` need to be fulfilled for a chunk to be generated. You may want to reduce `minSize` when using `minSizeReduction`.
```

Minimum size, in bytes, for a chunk to be generated.

### splitChunks.minSizeReduction

`number`

> Minimum size reduction to the whole compilation, in bytes, needed for a chunk to be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimum size reduction to the main chunk (bundle), in bytes, needed for a chunk to be generated. Meaning if splitting into a chunk does not reduce the size of the main chunk (bundle) by the given amount of bytes, it won't be split, even if it meets the `splitChunks.minSize` value.
```
